Good morning, family. How are you
all
doing today? It's Diana and Brandon
again, and we have some things on our
heart. I feel an urgency to
pray about the
war. It's very serious what the
enemy's trying to do here. Remember I
told you that Trump would have
to—in
one of the words I gave a couple of weeks
ago—I
told everybody that
Trump would get in power. But when I'm
praying today, the
Lord is
bringing up in my spirit
that the enemy is going to try to
make a wartime president out of Trump as
a delay and a distraction through his
four years of what God's trying to do.
The Antichrist system is trying to rise up
and provoke the Bear right now.
I'm telling you by the spirit of
the
Lord, the Lord is wanting to
give an extended period of grace and
peace to the people with blessing,
increase, and favor with what I've seen
coming in 2025 and 2026. I've seen
the plague, I've seen the crash,
I've seen all that, but I'm telling you,
whenever we prayed as hard as we did in
October, we are turning that ship. But the
enemy is not wanting to go
quietly; he's
trying to raise his head up. We know we
have authority
and we are seated with Jesus in the
heavenlies, and we're not going to
allow the demonic agenda.
Let's
take communion together and
pray over this
war scenario.
There won't be millions
of people who lose their lives; this
has the potential to become something
very ugly. We will pray over
Putin and we will pray over Biden to stop
this, that we will not have these
long-range
missiles shooting in there and
poking the bear.
I know what I've seen, but
I'm still going to pray
against it. I know
the Lord is a good God
and He wants to stop things, too.
Father, we just
thank You for Your communion. We
thank You, Lord, that we have a covenant
with You. You said in Your word
that by Your stripes we are healed.
You were wounded for our
transgressions, You were bruised for our
iniquities, the chastisement of our peace
was upon You, and with Your stripes we're
healed. Father, we take this body
right now in the name of Jesus and we
lift it before You. As we take
this into our bodies, we thank You, Lord, that
we're made whole. We thank You, Lord, that
we're healed and whole and well by Your
stripes. No weapon formed
against us shall prosper, and every cell
in our body is wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Father,
we do not
have intruders in us of disease,
cancers, diabetes, or any kind of
disease.
We have the Holy Spirit in us and
we have the body that was broken for
us, and we take that body by faith in the
name of Jesus.
Now, Father, we
lift up the
blood. We take this blood in the name
of Jesus and thank You, Lord, that
we plead the blood of Jesus over
us. We make much of the blood, and the
blood will make much of us. We thank You,
Father, for the blood of Jesus that
covers our sins and
makes us whole.
Amen. Lord, we
enter in by the blood of the
Lamb and by the word of our
testimony over the wars
and rumors of
wars. We see what the devil's trying to
do. Lord, You showed
me the plans and the
attacks of the enemy trying to
come against this nation, even using Joe
Biden. Father,
I thank You that there's peace
and there will not be a sudden
destruction trying to keep President
Biden in and President Trump
out. Father, I thank You that Your
hand is moving on this situation. We
have angels that are going right now, and
Holy Spirit, we ask You to
work on behalf of us and on the
hearts of men. Father, we lift up the war
to You right now in the name of Jesus
and we come against the spirit of war
concerning Vladimir Putin,
NATO, and America. Father, I speak to
these
demonic spirits that
are
calling this war to come forth for a
loss of life, and we plead the blood of
Jesus over
these
circumstances. Father, I
thank You
that Your angels are going right
now and warring off these demonic spirits
that are tormenting these men—over Biden,
over Zelensky, over Putin, over NATO,
and
over all of France,
Emmanuel
Macron. I thank You, Father, right now
in the name of Jesus, this is defused and
it stops now. I thank You,
Father, that the angels of the Lord are
going and warring on behalf of us
concerning this and the devils that are trying
to
stir
up the Antichrist agenda.
We plead the blood of Jesus over
this circumstance.
I thank You,
Father, no matter what I've
seen
and what You showed me, I'm still
going to pray
for
peace. I know what I've seen, but
it's my job to pray
peace over this. I call peace in the
name of Jesus over Europe, that they'll
not use hypersonic missiles, that they
will not use nuclear, and they will not use
new conventional weapons that we've
never seen before causing mass
casualties. Father, I thank You that
everyone gets out of harm's way.
I command in the name
of Jesus this demonic spirit of
Antichrist
to be bound back for a time and a
season. Father, we will have a
major revival in Europe,
and there will not be tens of
thousands or hundreds of thousands of
casualties in war.
Getting North Korea involved,
Japan, China, and all these other
nations spreading through Iran,
Iraq, Syria, and
Turkey—I
thank You, Father, right now in the name
of Jesus, we call peace. Lord, I know
You said there would be wars and rumors
of wars. I thank You, Lord, that
this is just a
rumor and that we will have peace and
revival.
Father, I thank You that Biden steps
out of this
and
that this stops now.
Great peace will come over this,
and
President Trump will not be known as a
wartime president. I know what
I've seen concerning the
plague. I know that he was in office
whenever You showed me that
this would take
place, that there would be a major plague
coming
again. I know Your word says that
there'll be plagues and
pestilences, but Father, I thank You that
even if it was to happen, it would
not affect
us. You said a thousand shall fall at our
side and ten thousand at our right hand, but
nothing shall come nigh us. Father, I
thank You that we're always in the right
place at the right
time. We have favor,
and
as a nation,
our homes are covered by the
blood of
Jesus. No plagues, no pestilence,
and
no war will come nigh our house. They're not
going to
blow up my home; they're not going
to hurt my family. We're covered by the
blood of Jesus. Just like the
mighty men of David in
the war, You always provided and
protected him. Father, I
thank You that Your will be done
on Earth as it is in Heaven.
We line up with what You say
and
we will speak and decree what You
say to say, not what our flesh
wants.
I believe for
peace, I believe for
joy, and I believe that
there are
good days ahead of us. For me and
my house, we'll have good days ahead of
us. Father,
I
thank
You
for
Elon
Musk. I pray for him to be
radically saved, born again, filled with,
and
controlled by the Holy Spirit. We thank
You, Father, for good days concerning him.
He would get radically saved, and
even the women around him would be saved
and he wouldn't be around
Jezebels. Father, I thank You that
Starlink would be used for the glory of
God. I thank You that he would
have a visitation from You and
that he would be a loud
voice for the Kingdom of God in these
last days like another Billy
Graham. I thank You, Father, for
supernaturally visiting Elon Musk and
President Trump. I thank You
that
President Trump will be radically
born again with
a voice
crying in the wilderness telling people Jesus
is coming. He would
even be a great influence and a great
voice with
boldness in these last days to speak and
decree the things that the Lord wants
him to say and not hold back any of
it. There'll be great revival on the
Senate and the House floor, and I call
revival all over the world. We thank
You, Lord, for supernatural revival in the
name of Jesus. This will be a
time that we see our sons and our
daughters, our old men and our
young men, dream dreams and have
visions
beyond anything we
could ever
comprehend. Lord, we thank You that
the devil's been bound for such a time
as this concerning revival.
We
are
seeing
a house cleaning
right now;
judgment begins in the house
of the Lord first. We are cleaning
that bride up, making her look
spotless and without
wrinkle. We
present ourselves to You
holy. The blood of Jesus Christ covers us
and we walk
holy before
You. I thank You, Father, for Your hand on
our homes,
our bodies,
and
our finances. Mentally,
emotionally, physically, and financially we
are
blessed, and we believe that
blessing is running over us in abundance.
For
anyone
who is
believing for a child, Father, we pray
over their womb right now that it's able
to conceive. Prepare their
womb for what it needs to
receive that child.
I pray over the fallopian
tubes to be healed in the name of Jesus.
Ovaries, be healed. Hormones, in the name
of Jesus. There's nothing missing and nothing
broken from the top of her head to the
soles
of her feet. Father, I thank You even
for women that have menstrual cycles
with
PMS and cramps. I
pray
for healing over menstrual cycles, that they are regular and
that their bodies ovulate like
they're
supposed to. Father, we
thank You
over these
women, their hormones,
their hair,
their nails, and their
thyroid—that
it
functions
like it's supposed to.
For the ones wanting to
conceive, they would conceive a
healthy child.
They would not have swollen feet
or
all the common things
that happen when women get
pregnant—the
itchiness and
the heartburn.
Father, we thank You that that's under
the curse and that You took it on the
cross for us.
They don't have to suffer these
symptoms in pregnancy.
They would have a blissful, happy,
wonderful pregnancy and enjoy
being pregnant.
Their deliveries would be great
and
wonderful. They would not experience
all the pain and
turmoil.
The
baby would not be
breached; it would come
out head down the way it's supposed to.
Father, we thank You that the
cord is where it's supposed to be
and
everything's
perfect. The baby comes out healthy
and
whole, and the
Apgar
scores are perfect.
If the mother is nursing,
the baby latches on like it's supposed
to. The mother is able to nurse
easily and has more than
enough supply of milk.
Everything goes well with
nursing and the teething stage.
As that
child grows up, the mom
and the dad train them up the way
they're supposed to, and when they
grow
old, they will not depart from it.
Father, I thank You
that You are giving these children
nurturing homes that develop the whole
person—spirit,
soul, and body.
I
thank
You that these
marriages
are
whole, healthy,
and
strong in the Lord.
They lean not unto their own
understanding, but in all their ways they
acknowledge You, and You direct
their paths.
I'm just going
to pray in the spirit for a minute.
The only way I know how to push
into it is by praying in the spirit and
knowing how to direct this thing more.
In the natural, I
saw
that
many hands make light work, so we're just
going to pray in the spirit.
I don't
want to be negative; I want to speak
faith into it and
believe for a turn of events.
We thank You, Lord,
that
Your hand is on our nations
and
on us.
A
thousand shall fall at our side and ten
thousand
at our right hand, but
it will not come
nigh.
I
speak
over Thanksgiving Day
and
the parade. We call forth all hidden
things to be revealed in the name of Jesus.
Every demonic plot is
brought to justice, uncovered, and seen.
I thank
You, Lord, that
You will bring the awakening.
I'm calling
for this to be
uncovered over eating disorders. We come
against eating disorders right now in
the name of Jesus. We
thank You, Lord, that the
demonic spirit of anorexia
is broken.
You release that
girl and let her
go. You spirit of anorexia and bulimia, we
break your power.
We command you to
release her right
now.
The devil's lying to you, honey.
You don't have a weight issue;
there's a devil that's tried to attach
himself to you.
I call you free. You try to hide this
eating stuff and you have a
self-image problem, but
when you
look in the
mirror, you
aren't
fat. This is a demonic spirit whispering in
your
ear, and we command that spirit to go now.
No more of
the purging,
the hiding food,
or
the
anorexia
and bulimia. You go now in
Jesus'name.
For whom the Son has set free is free
indeed.
I
pray
for
healthy eating habits and
a
healthy mindset concerning food from
here on out.
Even with people
who are
obese,
they are
free from an addiction to
food.
I call
myself free and delivered from eating
disorders.
We get our flesh under control,
submit ourselves unto God, and resist the
devil.
anorexia
is broken and
bulimia
is broken.
Stand on that
scripture: for whom the Son sets free is
free indeed, with soundness of
mind.
Always listening to the devil saying you're not
pretty enough
is a lie. You're fearfully
and wonderfully
made.
Psalm 139:14 says I will praise Thee
for I am fearfully and wonderfully made.
Psalm 139:13 says You formed my
inward parts and knitted me together in
my mother's womb. You're
beautiful inside and out.
No
more
self-image problems for these young
people.
Luke 12:7
says
the very hairs of your head are all
numbered. Do not be afraid; you are
far more valuable than many sparrows.
He
thinks good thoughts of you. Psalm 139:17
says how precious are Your thoughts
about me, O God. They
outnumber
the grains of sand.
No boy on
Instagram
is
worth it if he doesn't love
you for you.
Hold
out
for
a godly spouse and
renew your mind to what God says about
you.
His thoughts
for
you are more than
the
grains
of
sand
on
the beach at Galveston or
Destin.
You need to keep your head up
because that's what
matters. You
are
completely free from that
insecurity and that demonic spirit.
I pray the fill all
through your homes, that you would
experience the love of God right now.
He would rest on you with a
weightiness
of His glory and a weightiness of His
presence. A weight of the glory is filling
the house
today. Let the fire of the Holy Spirit
flow inside of
them, driving out all sickness
and
disease. Thank
You
for
peace and joy.
We
celebrate the times
we have left
with our families because Jesus is
coming. Heaven on Earth. We thank
You, Lord, that we will have
long life. You satisfy us and show
us Your
salvation.
Our youth is
renewed like the eagles and You fill our
mouth with good
things. This is a
time of great favor
and blessing.
New
Year's Eve is beautiful; it's a brand new
start. We thank You for
Inauguration Day, that President Trump
will be safe and no weapon formed
against him will prosper.
It's
exciting.
I feel you pushing along with
me.
We'll
pray more tomorrow about
the
war.
Many hands make light work.
I appreciate every single one of
you
showing up every day.
As a
watchman, when you see
it, you
have got to stay spiritually
minded.
We've
got our prayer warriors on it.
I'm not
trying to be in fear; I'm just
being
serious.
Help us; we're believing for
a million prayer warriors
to
stick around and
pray with us.
We're kicking
the butt of the devil and taking
names.
We want him to be scared of
us; he runs in terror!
Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much
and we love you. We will see you
again tomorrow.
God bless you. Bye-bye.